Version bump for 1.2 bouncy-basenji release (#524)
nf-core/taxprofiler: CHANGELOG.md

- [#508](https://github.com/nf-core/taxprofiler/pull/508) - Add `nanoq` as a filtering tool for nanopore reads (added by @LilyAnderssonLee)
- [#511](https://github.com/nf-core/taxprofiler/pull/511) - Add `porechop_abi` as an alternative adapter removal tool for long reads nanopore data (added by @LilyAnderssonLee)
- [#512](https://github.com/nf-core/taxprofiler/pull/512) - Update all tools to the latest version and include nf-test (Updated by @LilyAnderssonLee & @jfy133)
- [#515](https://github.com/nf-core/taxprofiler/pull/515) Update nonpareil to allow gzip input and add native MultiQC support (fixed by @jfy133)

### `Fixed`

- [#518](https://github.com/nf-core/taxprofiler/pull/518) Fixed a bug where Oxford Nanopore FASTA input files would not be processed (❤️ to @ikarls for reporting, fixed by @jfy133)
- [#522](https://github.com/nf-core/taxprofiler/pull/522) Remove nanopore patch (fixed by @jfy133)

> - [#523](https://github.com/nf-core/taxprofiler/pull/523) Update the ganon/classify argument for the LCA algorithm to the latest version (fixed by @LilyAnderssonLee & @jfy133)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [#523](https://github.com/nf-core/taxprofiler/pull/523) Removed hardcoded `-m lca` from GANON_CLASSIFY due to more options in new version of ganon (fixed by @LilyAnderssonLee & @jfy133)
```

- [#508](https://github.com/nf-core/taxprofiler/pull/508) - Add `nanoq` as a filtering tool for nanopore reads (added by @LilyAnderssonLee)
- [#511](https://github.com/nf-core/taxprofiler/pull/511) - Add `porechop_abi` as an alternative adapter removal tool for long reads nanopore data (added by @LilyAnderssonLee)
- [#512](https://github.com/nf-core/taxprofiler/pull/512) - Update all tools to the latest version and include nf-test (Updated by @LilyAnderssonLee & @jfy133)

> - [#515](https://github.com/nf-core/taxprofiler/pull/515) Update nonpareil to allow gzip input and add native MultiQC support (fixed by @jfy133)

Reviewer 2: Add the change in parameters for ganon?

Author: That's more like the bug fix. I should have done during the update modules PR, so I think it's fine.
